integration-docs: Update the RSS integration doc. (#872)
zulip/python-zulip-api: zulip/integrations/rss/doc.md

# Zulip RSS Integration

Get updates from RSS feeds in Zulip!

!!! tip ""

>     [The Zapier integration][1] is usually a simpler way to

Reviewer: Is this only if you're OK with all the messages going to the same topic? If so, ti should be something like:

```suggestion
    For sending messages to a single topic, [the Zapier integration][1] is a simpler way to
```

    integrate RSS with Zulip.

[1]: ./zapier

{start_tabs}

1.  {!create-an-incoming-webhook.md!}

    Download the `zuliprc` configuration file of your bot by clicking the
    download (<i class="fa fa-download"></i>) icon under the bot's name, and
    save to `~/.zuliprc`.

1.  {!download-python-bindings.md!}

1.  {!install-requirements.md!}

1.  Create a file containing RSS feed URLs, with one URL per line, at
    `~/.cache/zulip-rss/rss-feeds`. To use a different location, pass the
    `--feed-file` [option](#configuration-options) to the integration
    script.

1.  You can run the bot to send summaries of RSS entries from your favorite
    feeds, with the command:

    `{{ integration_path }}/rss-bot`

> 1.  Optionally, pass command-line arguments to re-configure the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Pass command-line arguments to re-configure the integration.  See [the configuration options](#configuration-options below.
```

    ```
    {{ integration_path }}/rss-bot \
    --feed-file="home/user/zulip-rss/rss-feeds" \
    --data-dir="home/user/zulip-rss" \
    --stream="news" \
    --topic="rss" \
    --unwrap --math
    ```

    See [the configuration options](#configuration-options) for the list of
    options.

1.  Configure a crontab entry to keep the integration running.

    This sample crontab entry processes feeds stored in the default

>     location and posts to the `rss` topic in the `#news` channel every 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    location and posts to the `rss` topic in the **#news** channel every 5
```
